Refine remote fs doc (#11393)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/checkpointing.rst

.. note::

    Some ``TrainingTypePlugins`` like ``DeepSpeedStrategy`` do not support custom ``CheckpointIO`` as checkpointing logic is not modifiable.

-----------

***************************
Managing Remote Filesystems
***************************

Lightning supports saving and loading checkpoints from a variety of filesystems, including local filesystems and several cloud storage providers

> such as ``s3`` on AWS, ``gcs`` on Google Cloud, or ``adl`` on Azure.

Reviewer: can we add links to read more?

Author: done!

> Checkout :ref:`remote_fs` doc for more info.

Reviewer 2: checkout != check out

> Checkout :ref:`remote_fs` doc for more info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out the :ref:`remote_fs` documentation for more info.
```

note, the displayed text here would change if the title in the doc changes too, I think. Better to put a custom display text imo

Author: good point!
